Add docs for requested features with platform expressions (#114)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/reference/vcpkg-json.md

| Name | Required | Type   | Description |
|------|----------|--------|-------------|
| [builtin-baseline](#builtin-baseline) | No | string | Version pins to use when building as top-level |

> | [default-features](#default-features) | No | string\|[Feature Object][][] | Require the [features](../users/manifests.md#features) listed as on-by-default |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [default-features](#default-features) | No | [Feature Object][][] | Require the [features](../users/manifests.md#features) listed as on-by-default |
```

Missed this one

Default features handle the specific case of providing a "default" configuration for transitive dependencies that the top-level project may not know about. Ports used by others should almost always use `"default-features": false` for their dependencies.

> You can also specify that a default features is only activated on a specific platform by using a [Feature Object][]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define platform-specific default features by using a [Feature Object][]:
```

Less wordy

| Name | Required | Type   | Description |
|------|----------|--------|-------------|
| [default-features](#dependency-default-features) | No | bool | Require the features listed as on-by-default |

> | [features](#dependency-features) | No | string\|[Feature Object][][] | The list of additional features to require |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [features](#dependency-features) | No | [Feature Object][][] | The list of additional features to require |
```

We should modify the definition of `Feature Object` to include that simple strings are valid and equivalent to:

```json
{ "name": "<feature name>" }
```

### <a name="dependency-features"></a> [Dependency][]: `"features"`

> The list of additional features to require. An array of strings and Feature Objects. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of additional features to require. An array of Feature objects. Optional.
```

> A <a name="feature-object"></a>[Feature Object][] is an object with the following fields:
> - `name` - The name of the feature. A string. Required.
> - `platform` - A [Platform Expression][] that limits the platforms where the feature is required. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A <a name="feature-object"></a>[Feature Object][] is an object with the following fields:
- `name` - The name of the feature. A string. Required.
- `platform` - A [Platform Expression][] that limits the platforms where the feature is required. Optional.

A simple string is also a valid `Feature Object` equivalent to `{ "name": "<feature-name>" }`.
```

[Feature Object]: #feature-object

For example,

```json
{
  "name": "ffmpeg",
  "default-features": false,
  "features": [
    "mp3lame",
    {
      "name": "avisynthplus",
      "platform": "windows"
    }  
  ]
}
```

> Uses the `ffmpeg` library but only requires mp3 encoding support and on windows avisynthplus support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the `ffmpeg` library with mp3 encoding support. On Windows only, `avisynthplus` support is also enabled.
```

This may
